Reword TFO/0-rtt sentence. (#287)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

fallback to TLS over TCP, the most obvious difference is that TCP does not
provide stream multiplexing and therefore stream multiplexing would need to be
implemented in the application layer if needed. Further, TCP implementations
and network paths often do not support the Fast Open option {{?RFC7413}}, which

> is required to to achieve true 0-RTT session resumption. Note that there is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enables sending of payload data together with the first control packet of a new
connection as also provided by 0-RTT session resumption in QUIC. Note that there is
```

Maybe a few more words are better?

some evidence of middleboxes blocking SYN data even if TFO was successfully
negotiated (see {{PaaschNanog}}). And even if Fast Open successfully operates

> end-to-end, it is limited to a single packet of payload, unlike QUIC 0-RTT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
end-to-end, it is limited to a single packet of TLS handshake and application data, unlike QUIC 0-RTT.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's worth clarifying that it's not one packet of application data.
